Expose data product-specific doc as public API doc (#1233)
lightkurve/lightkurve: docs/source/reference/io.rst

.. _api.io:

=====================
Reading Data Products
=====================
.. currentmodule:: lightkurve.io

.. autosummary::
  :toctree: api/

    read

> In general, users only need to call `read` function, also available as ``lightkurve.read``,
> to read all supported Kepler / TESS data products.
> 
> The data product-specific functions below **should not** be called directly.
> They do, however, contain information pertaining to specific products, as well as
> optional parameters that can be passed to the generic `read()`.

Reviewer: I recommend rewording this section slightly, because the phrase `The data product-specific functions below **should not** be called directly` makes it sound like the user's computer might break if they call this function 😄  

Suggestion:

```suggestion
In general, users only need to call the `read` function, also available as
``lightkurve.read``.  This function will auto-detect the type of data product
being opened and pass it on to a product-specific reader function.

Below we list the product-specific reader functions.  These functions
are not intended to be called directly because it is much easier to
simply call the `read` function.  We include the functions here because
their documentation lists the optional parameters that can be passed to
the generic `read()` function, and because they document information
pertaining to specific products.
```
